Fix broken link in README.md (#667)
continuedev/continue: README.md

### Download for [VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Continue.continue) and [JetBrains](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/22707-continue-extension)

> By default, Continue uses `GPT-4` and `GPT-3.5-turbo` via the OpenAI API. You can adjust the config to use different Large Language Models (LLMs) like [Code Llama, Claude 2, WizardCoder, PaLM 2, and more](https://github.com/continuedev/what-llm-to-use). Read more [here](https://continue.dev/docs/customization/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Continue uses `GPT-4` and `GPT-3.5-turbo` via the OpenAI API. You can adjust the config to use different Large Language Models (LLMs) like [Code Llama, Claude 2, WizardCoder, PaLM 2, and more](https://github.com/continuedev/what-llm-to-use). Read more [here](https://continue.dev/docs/model-setup/select-model).
```
